jozek is from your Chicago dot-com I'm
in a great Lincoln Park location today a
block away from Wrightwood Park which is
fun and always filled with children and
I'm with Isabella slow-mo from Sergio
and banks we are on the 2400 block of
green view and we are looking on at
three single-family home new
constructions variety precision
beautiful homes we have one of them the
24:33 under the contract closing soon
24350 cell and 24:37 already sold under
the contract so beautiful home
hi guys what hit show at 24 33 which is
the finished model very precision
there's a style and is instantly
recognizable when you walk in the home
but the Rho is distinctive and different
so you know main floor it's really airy
this house particular haven't worked
with ceiling so unity and making this
house was very large tiny windows that
is beautiful Stephanie me you know
that's his signature style the beautiful
open staircase in his kitchen that
absolutely amazing they are large they
are Island it's great size
how much cabinet tons of storage you
have in sub-zero refrigerator and the
freezer oven because they are kind of
outdoor space in this house all the
three houses have a great outdoor space
not only are your typical found dead
behind the house and about the girl we
have the balconies we have it I'm also
upgrade and looked up there on the
houses all the bedrooms on the second
floor are great size routine is bright
large places we are in the master bed
right now to stay tuned look how
beautiful the spaces really nice another
spacious another space and we have to
kind of like come in in a game the light
fixtures a spectacular beautiful so
pizza shadow of the body straight heated
floors absolutely everything but with
people would like to have another kind
of man when we have this beautiful cedar
fireplace Isabella it's really secure
here
it's a climate-controlled wine cellar in
the lower that one of the great
recreation room right here we have in
this beautiful wine cellar we having a
nice OS bar with additional storage for
your beverages the nice thing about our
level in this house it is that the
cameras are heated so you have already
hit who deserve a nice and cozy in a
winter
another type of that one this house had
enough
system in a front stairs and in a
sidewalk so it's really nice for our
winters in Chicago we do have here an
additional bedroom full that remove the
steam shower in the back of the house we
have a very nice home here